Seinfeld Season 2 Ep. 13 The Deal

	During this episode the plot of the story mainly focuses on the two characters of Jerry and Elaine.  While the episode opens it sets the scene in Jerry's apartment while they are watching TV; as they are flipping through the stations they come across the adult films channel.  This arouses a conversation about how Jerry and Elaine can become friends with benefits. They decide on three rules they must abide by to make this relationship type of thing work.  The two complimentary characters in this episode are that of a George and Kramer. They both play big roles in this plot line, because Kramer puts Jerry in a tight situation with Elaine. While, in turn, George tries to put his best foot forward to help his friend, Jerry, he is just adding to the stress. 
	The conflict arises when Jerry and Elaine start having issues with the rules they created for the relationship.  Jerry wants to use the rule of not having to stay after sex to go home before his big oral surgery the next morning.  Elaine responds with argument and you can tell she is upset with not having him stay.  Jerry ends up leaving and nothing comes back up about it, but keep that in the back of your head.  Later in the episode Jerry has to pick out a gift for Elaine's birthday; he has to decide without trying to be too serious or not enough. He decides on getting her $182 instead of getting her a real gift. His card is another issue when he calls her a pal and more.  She eventually freaks out and Kramer comes in and greets her with his gift for her, it happened to be the bench she wanted. Jerry then becomes irate about the situation and Elaine tells him she wants to be in a real relationship with him.  After all of that, George and Jerry are sitting in the diner talking about Elaine and how it would be terrible if she and them could not be friends.  So Jerry calls Elaine and eventually become more than friends. 
	The conflict in this episode is external because it is between Jerry and Elaine.  They are fighting about how the friends with benefit's rules they made up are not what they want.  Jerry is externally arguing with Elaine about the issues that arise. This episode was hilarious because it shows us that the perfect friends with benefits is never achievable and never will be.